I'll go with the second most important step, which is to know the material,
to understand what it is you're talking about. And you might ask
Well, how can that be? Number two on the list? Uh, the first thing
that you, uh, that supersedes that is to know who to ask and where
to get your material from. You don't have to memorize things. Uh, there's
so many instructions, so many things that change on a day to
day basis, it would be impossible. You make yourself go crazy, but you
have tow have your google at your side. Um, it's not Google, but
you have to know where to get things from. So down in, um, I t you have
to know the person to talk to going to this website, you know, that's
where the instruction is. As long as you have those materials.
Uh, then you can focus on other things like memorizing things and,
um, putting, putting it out